Some smaller updates (#25)
payara/Payara-Community-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/build-instructions/build-instructions.adoc

appserver/extras/payara-micro/payara-micro-distribution/target/
----

[[building-docker-images]]
== Building Payara Docker Images

> The generation of the Official Docker Images is also integrated in the main Payara repository. In order to be able to built these images, a Docker Client needs to be installed on the machine you execute the Maven command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source code of the Official Docker Images is also integrated in the main Payara repository. In order to be able to build these images, a Docker Client needs to be installed on the machine you execute the Maven command. 
```
